{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\fs24
\b Call Script and Objection Tree (Item 3)\b0\par
Prepared for: Mauricio\par
Date: 2026-06-14\par
Use case: first discovery call + follow-up call for executive and coach prospects.\par
\par
\b A) 20-Minute Discovery Call Structure\b0\par
\b Minute 0-2: Frame\b0\par
"Thanks for taking the time. Goal today is to understand your current search/coaching operating rhythm, where momentum breaks, and whether there is a practical fit. If not, we should both know quickly."\par
Confidence: 93/100\par
\par
\b Minute 2-6: Situation\b0\par
Ask:\par
1. "What is your current process between high-stakes conversations?"\par
2. "Where does momentum usually break first?"\par
3. "How are you currently handling pre-conversation prep and follow-through?"\par
Confidence: 91/100\par
\par
\b Minute 6-10: Pain and Cost\b0\par
Ask:\par
1. "What happens when that breaks?"\par
2. "What does that cost you in time, opportunities, or confidence?"\par
3. "What have you already tried?"\par
Confidence: 90/100\par
\par
\b Minute 10-14: Fit and Timing\b0\par
Ask:\par
1. "How active is your transition cycle over the next 90 days?"\par
2. "If this worked, what would improve first?"\par
3. "Who else needs to agree before moving forward?"\par
Confidence: 89/100\par
\par
\b Minute 14-18: Offer and Next Step\b0\par
"Based on what you shared, I would suggest a 30-day structured trial with clear day-7 and day-30 outcomes. If those outcomes do not show up, stop."\par
Confidence: 92/100\par
\par
\b Minute 18-20: Close\b0\par
Binary close:\par
"Would it be unreasonable to run the 30-day pilot with explicit pass/fail criteria? If not now, should we park this and revisit when timing changes?"\par
Confidence: 94/100\par
\par
\b B) Top 10 Objection Tree\b0\par
\b 1. "I already have a strong network."\b0\par
Label: "Sounds like relationships are not the problem - execution cadence is."\par
Response: "Exactly. This does not replace your network. It helps you act earlier and more consistently when signals shift."\par
Next question: "Where in your current process do opportunities slip despite strong relationships?"\par
Confidence: 92/100\par
\par
\b 2. "I can use LinkedIn or ChatGPT."\b0\par
Label: "You already have tools; concern is overlap."\par
Response: "Those tools are useful, but they do not run a persistent operating system for your campaign."\par
Next question: "What currently tracks your full pipeline and daily action priorities in one place?"\par
Confidence: 91/100\par
\par
\b 3. "I do not want another tool."\b0\par
Label: "You are avoiding additional cognitive load."\par
Response: "Reasonable. Pilot is designed to reduce load with one daily decision list and clear next actions."\par
Next question: "If we reduced complexity in week one, what would that be worth?"\par
Confidence: 90/100\par
\par
\b 4. "I am too busy to onboard."\b0\par
Label: "Timing pressure is real."\par
Response: "That is exactly when this works best. First setup is short, then you operate from daily prompts."\par
Next question: "Would a 20-minute setup that saves recurring prep time be acceptable?"\par
Confidence: 87/100\par
\par
\b 5. "I do not trust AI quality."\b0\par
Label: "Quality risk could hurt your credibility."\par
Response: "Correct - never send unreviewed output. Use this as a first draft plus strategy judgment."\par
Next question: "Would you evaluate quality on one real upcoming conversation?"\par
Confidence: 89/100\par
\par
\b 6. "My search is confidential."\b0\par
Label: "Privacy risk is non-negotiable."\par
Response: "Agreed. Search remains private by default. No recruiter marketplace exposure."\par
Next question: "What privacy condition must be true for you to proceed?"\par
Confidence: 95/100\par
\par
\b 7. "I already have a coach."\b0\par
Label: "You do not want tool-vs-coach conflict."\par
Response: "Neither do we. This amplifies coaches by reducing context rebuild between sessions."\par
Next question: "Would your coach benefit from better between-session signal visibility?"\par
Confidence: 93/100\par
\par
\b 8. "Price is high."\b0\par
Label: "You need clearer economics."\par
Response: "Fair. Compare this to the cost of delayed placement and prep inconsistency."\par
Next question: "If this reduced search cycle risk, how would you value that?"\par
Confidence: 86/100\par
\par
\b 9. "I need proof first."\b0\par
Label: "You want evidence before commitment."\par
Response: "Good discipline. We can run a pass/fail pilot tied to explicit outcomes."\par
Next question: "Which two outcomes would make this an obvious yes or no for you?"\par
Confidence: 91/100\par
\par
\b 10. "Let me think about it."\b0\par
Label: "You may be avoiding a bad decision."\par
Response: "Makes sense. Let us make it reversible with strict kill criteria."\par
Next question: "What would need to be true in two weeks to feel confident proceeding?"\par
Confidence: 94/100\par
\par
\b C) Follow-Up Script (Post-Call)\b0\par
Subject: Next step from today\par
\par
"Thanks again for the conversation. Based on your priorities, I suggest a 30-day pilot with these pass/fail criteria:\par
1) [Outcome A]\par
2) [Outcome B]\par
3) [Outcome C]\par
\par
If these outcomes are not visible by day 30, we stop. If they are, we decide on expansion.\par
Would you like me to send the pilot start checklist now?"\par
\par
Confidence: 92/100\par
\par
End of script.\par
}
