{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\fs24
\b Mauricio Execution Playbook: Awareness Avenues, Metrics, and Product Build Plan\b0\par
Prepared for: Mauricio\par
Date: 2026-06-14\par
\par
\b Objective\b0\par
Provide a detailed step-by-step plan to execute each awareness avenue, define success metrics, and specify required product capabilities to support scale.\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 94/100\par
\par
\b Section 1: 12-Week Phased Plan\b0\par
\b Phase 1 (Weeks 1-2): Foundation Lock\b0\par
1. Lock category phrase and approved language set.\par
2. Finalize proof claims policy (denominator, timeframe, confidence).\par
3. Publish content calendar and accountability owners.\par
4. Build baseline awareness dashboard and event taxonomy.\par
\par
Exit gate:\par
- Category language used in 100% of new public assets.\par
- Baseline metrics available for all priority channels.\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 95/100\par
\par
\b Phase 2 (Weeks 3-6): Execute Core Avenues\b0\par
1. Launch founder cadence (3 posts/week, 1 memo/week).\par
2. Launch partner trust-map outreach cadence (12 high-context touches/week).\par
3. Publish first authority artifact and distribute to target circles.\par
4. Launch first two co-branded partner pages.\par
\par
Exit gate:\par
- Qualified engagement trend improving for 2 consecutive weeks.\par
- First measurable partner-sourced opportunity flow.\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 90/100\par
\par
\b Phase 3 (Weeks 7-9): Instrument and Optimize\b0\par
1. Evaluate by segment/channel (quality-first lens).\par
2. Kill underperforming content angles and expand top quartile themes.\par
3. Launch one controlled experiment per major avenue.\par
4. Add referral triggers at first value moments.\par
\par
Exit gate:\par
- >=20% lift in qualified awareness engagement vs phase baseline.\par
- Improvement in awareness-to-trial conversion assist rate.\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 87/100\par
\par
\b Phase 4 (Weeks 10-12): Scale and Systematize\b0\par
1. Codify repeatable SOPs by avenue.\par
2. Expand best-performing partner lane.\par
3. Publish second authority artifact with stronger proof density.\par
4. Produce 60-day scale decision memo with resource asks.\par
\par
Exit gate:\par
- At least 1 repeatable awareness-to-pipeline loop documented and active.\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 88/100\par
\par
\b Section 2: Step-by-Step by Avenue\b0\par
\par
\b Avenue A - Category-Led Visibility\b0\par
Steps:\par
1. Define one approved category phrase and alternatives list (forbidden words included).\par
2. Update all top 20 public pages to align with category spine.\par
3. Create one-page category messaging matrix by persona.\par
4. Run weekly drift audit and fix non-compliant pages/posts.\par
\par
Success metrics:\par
- Category phrase usage rate in top-funnel assets\par
- Category recall in qualified calls\par
- Hero-to-CTA clarity score on key pages\par
\par
Confidence: 91/100\par
\par
\b Avenue B - Founder Authority Engine\b0\par
Steps:\par
1. Build a 12-week editorial calendar.\par
2. Publish 3 weekly post types: signal insight, operating lesson, proof artifact.\par
3. Publish 1 long-form memo/week and repurpose into 3 micro-assets.\par
4. Capture replies and route high-intent leads to qualification workflow.\par
\par
Success metrics:\par
- Qualified comments/replies per post\par
- Saves/shares by target persona\par
- Inbound opportunities attributable to founder content\par
\par
Confidence: 90/100\par
\par
\b Avenue C - Borrowed Trust Distribution\b0\par
Steps:\par
1. Build a 75-node trust map (coaches, recruiters, partner operators, alumni leads).\par
2. Segment by influence type and relevance trigger.\par
3. Execute weekly touch plan with one useful asset and low-friction ask.\par
4. Stand up co-branded pages for top partner lanes.\par
\par
Success metrics:\par
- Strategic intro rate\par
- Partner-sourced qualified opportunities\par
- Co-branded page traffic and conversion assist\par
\par
Confidence: 88/100\par
\par
\b Avenue D - Discoverability and SEO Authority\b0\par
Steps:\par
1. Build executive-transition keyword map by intent cluster.\par
2. Publish one cluster piece/week and one authority artifact/month.\par
3. Improve canonical/parameter hygiene and index quality signals.\par
4. Run backlink outreach on authority assets monthly.\par
\par
Success metrics:\par
- Branded search growth\par
- Non-branded qualified organic sessions\par
- Authority backlink count and quality\par
- Index quality trend (duplicate/canonical noise reduction)\par
\par
Confidence: 84/100\par
\par
\b Avenue E - Product-Led Awareness Loops\b0\par
Steps:\par
1. Define shareable proof artifacts (private-safe).\par
2. Add in-product prompt to share at first value milestone.\par
3. Add referral flow tied to outcomes, not generic usage.\par
4. Add advisor mode outputs for coaches and partner workflows.\par
\par
Success metrics:\par
- Share rate of proof artifacts\par
- Referral invite rate and referral-to-trial conversion\par
- Assisted pipeline from advisor/coaching pathways\par
\par
Confidence: 86/100\par
\par
\b Avenue F - Media and Speaking Narrative\b0\par
Steps:\par
1. Build monthly media list with audience fit score.\par
2. Build pitch kit: narrative, data points, artifact links, speaker topics.\par
3. Pitch 8-12 aligned opportunities per month.\par
4. Deploy event-specific landing page and follow-up sequence within 72 hours.\par
\par
Success metrics:\par
- Qualified appearances/month\par
- Event/channel attributed trial starts\par
- PR-originated strategic introductions\par
\par
Confidence: 80/100\par
\par
\b Section 3: KPI Framework (Weekly + Monthly)\b0\par
\b Weekly KPIs\b0\par
1. Qualified awareness interactions (by channel)\par
2. Awareness-attributed trial starts\par
3. Partner-sourced opportunities\par
4. Content angle performance (top/bottom quartile)\par
5. Cost per qualified awareness touch\par
\par
\b Monthly KPIs\b0\par
1. Branded search trend\par
2. Category recall in discovery calls\par
3. Pipeline influenced by awareness channels\par
4. Conversion quality by source (meeting quality, show rate, next-step quality)\par
5. Retention quality of awareness-sourced cohorts\par
\par
Confidence: 92/100\par
\par
\b Section 4: Product Build Requirements\b0\par
\b Build Group A: Measurement and Attribution\b0\par
1. Unified channel attribution model across awareness touchpoints.\par
2. Event schema for awareness journey stages (view, engage, trust interaction, referral, trial start).\par
3. Weekly dashboard with channel and segment drill-down.\par
\par
Engineering requirements:\par
- Add/extend event contracts in telemetry layer\par
- Ensure source/medium/asset IDs persist into trial and pipeline records\par
- Add data quality guardrails for null-critical fields\par
\par
Acceptance criteria:\par
- >=99% non-null for critical attribution fields\par
- Weekly dashboard generated automatically\par
\par
Confidence: 93/100\par
\par
\b Build Group B: Shareable Proof and Referral Loops\b0\par
1. Generate private-safe share artifacts from value moments.\par
2. Referral flow with invite tracking and conversion attribution.\par
3. Advisor-share mode for coach and partner users.\par
\par
Engineering requirements:\par
- New proof artifact generator endpoint and templates\par
- Referral token and lifecycle tracking\par
- Advisor mode UI and access boundary controls\par
\par
Acceptance criteria:\par
- Artifact share event captured end-to-end\par
- Referral invite to trial conversion measurable by source\par
\par
Confidence: 88/100\par
\par
\b Build Group C: Content and Distribution Operations\b0\par
1. Content operations panel for scheduled assets, performance, and drift alerts.\par
2. Category language lint checks on key pages/content blocks.\par
3. Partner page template system with proof block standards.\par
\par
Engineering requirements:\par
- CMS/workflow hooks or markdown pipeline checks\par
- Category phrase validator and compliance report\par
- Partner page componentized templates\par
\par
Acceptance criteria:\par
- Weekly drift report auto-published\par
- Partner pages produced from standard template with telemetry enabled\par
\par
Confidence: 85/100\par
\par
\b Build Group D: SEO and Technical Index Health\b0\par
1. Canonical strategy enforcement for parameterized routes.\par
2. Crawl/index quality monitoring dashboard and alerting.\par
3. Structured internal link recommendations for authority pages.\par
\par
Engineering requirements:\par
- Canonical tags and route hygiene rules\par
- GSC ingest/reporting workflow\par
- Automated internal link suggestion engine (optional phase 2)\par
\par
Acceptance criteria:\par
- Duplicate-without-canonical issues trend downward\par
- Technical index issues tied to owner and fix SLA\par
\par
Confidence: 86/100\par
\par
\b Section 5: Resourcing and Ownership\b0\par
- Mauricio: outbound distribution execution, partner touch cadence, weekly reporting\par
- Founder: authority content, strategic intros, close-stage handoff\par
- Engineering: instrumentation, product loop features, index/technical health fixes\par
- Marketing/Ops: editorial operations, proof asset packaging, QA and compliance\par
\par
Confidence: 94/100\par
\par
\b Section 6: Decision and Escalation Rules\b0\par
1. Scale only if a channel is green for 2 consecutive weeks on quality metrics.\par
2. Kill if channel costs rise and qualified conversion is flat for 2 cycles.\par
3. Escalate if attribution quality drops below threshold or handoff SLA slips.\par
\par
Confidence: 95/100\par
\par
\b Final Recommendation\b0\par
Treat awareness as a measurable operating system. The highest ROI will come from disciplined execution in trusted circles, strong proof governance, and product-level loops that convert awareness into qualified pipeline.\par
\par
Confidence: 93/100\par
\par
End of playbook.\par
}
