{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\fs24
\b Starting Monday Sales and Marketing Strategy\b0\par
Prepared for: Mauricio\par
Date: 2026-06-14\par
\par
\b 1) Executive Summary\b0\par
Objective: Build a repeatable acquisition engine for Starting Monday that can convert high-intent executive buyers now, while validating scalable B2B channels (coaches, outplacement, search-adjacent partners).\par
\par
Strategic thesis: Starting Monday should win as the executive transition operating system (not a job-search app, not a recruiter marketplace, not generic AI chat).\par
\par
Core operating focus for the next 30 days:\par
1. Narrow ICP and strict qualification\par
2. Trigger-based outbound with clear handoff SLA\par
3. Proof-backed founder-led demand creation\par
4. Weekly scorecard and fast kill/scale decisions\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 93/100\par
\par
\b 2) Positioning and Category\b0\par
Category phrase: Executive Momentum Intelligence (EMI) / executive transition operating system.\par
\par
Positioning statement:\par
Starting Monday helps senior executives identify opportunities before postings, run daily high-leverage actions, and walk into high-stakes conversations with role-specific prep.\par
\par
Category contrasts to use in all sales and marketing:\par
- Not a job board\par
- Not a recruiter marketplace\par
- Not a resume tool\par
- Not a coaching replacement\par
- Not generic AI output\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 92/100\par
\par
\b 3) Priority Personas\b0\par
\b Primary ICP (now)\b0: Senior technology executives in active transition (CIO/CTO/VP Tech, 90-day urgency).\par
\b Why now\b0: Highest urgency, clear willingness to pay, immediate value recognition.\par
\b Confidence\b0: 91/100\par
\par
\b Secondary ICP (now)\b0: Executive coaches with active transition clients.\par
\b Why now\b0: Compounding seat economics and referral leverage.\par
\b Confidence\b0: 89/100\par
\par
\b Tertiary ICP (pilot)\b0: Outplacement/search-adjacent partner lanes.\par
\b Why now\b0: Higher ACV but longer cycle and heavier proof requirements.\par
\b Confidence\b0: 82/100\par
\par
\b 4) Competitive Strategy\b0\par
\b LinkedIn Premium\b0: Good for discovery, weak on pre-signal timing and execution cadence.\par
Counter: signal monitoring + daily operating loop + role-specific prep.\par
\b Confidence\b0: 89/100\par
\par
\b ChatGPT / generic AI\b0: Good ad hoc assistant, weak persistent context and system workflow.\par
Counter: persistent campaign memory, structured pipeline, repeated value loop.\par
\b Confidence\b0: 93/100\par
\par
\b Human coaching alone\b0: Strong strategic judgment, weak repeatable between-session operations at scale.\par
Counter: coach amplification model (platform handles repeatable operating layer).\par
\b Confidence\b0: 93/100\par
\par
\b Outplacement incumbents\b0: Strong distribution, slower specialized personalization.\par
Counter: pilot with measurable outcomes and faster operationalization.\par
\b Confidence\b0: 84/100\par
\par
\b 5) Channel Strategy\b0\par
\b Channel A: Trigger-based outbound (Mauricio-led)\b0\par
Targeted segments only. Relevance first, volume second.\par
- Trigger examples: leadership changes, PE activity, role vacuums, mandate shifts\par
- Message rule: one trigger + one pain + one low-friction ask\par
\b Confidence\b0: 90/100\par
\par
\b Channel B: Founder-led authority (Richard-led)\b0\par
3 posts/week + 1 proof-backed memo/week + strategic comments/DM follow-up.\par
\b Confidence\b0: 88/100\par
\par
\b Channel C: Ecosystem BD (joint)\b0\par
Coaches first, then search-adjacent and outplacement pilots.\par
\b Confidence\b0: 81/100\par
\par
Channel discipline rule: do not add a new channel until primary channels are green for 2 consecutive weeks.\par
\b Confidence\b0: 94/100\par
\par
\b 6) Mauricio 30-Day Operating Plan\b0\par
\b Week 1\b0: ICP lock, message matrix, 150-account QA list, disqualification rules.\par
Targets: 150 qualified contacts, >=90% field completeness.\par
\b Confidence\b0: 95/100\par
\par
\b Week 2\b0: Controlled outbound launch, strict response coding, 24-hour handoff SLA.\par
Targets: >=120 touches, >=90% warm handoff within 24h.\par
\b Confidence\b0: 93/100\par
\par
\b Week 3\b0: Optimization sprint + pilot creation.\par
Targets: positive-reply lift vs week 2, at least 1 active pilot proposal.\par
\b Confidence\b0: 86/100\par
\par
\b Week 4\b0: Channel economics and go/no-go memo.\par
Targets: >=10 qualified meetings held, >=80% show rate, clear next-step quality.\par
\b Confidence\b0: 87/100\par
\par
\b 7) KPI Scorecard (Weekly)\b0\par
Top funnel:\par
- Positive reply rate by segment and channel\par
- Founder inbound volume and quality\par
\b Confidence\b0: 92/100\par
\par
Mid funnel:\par
- Booked rate, show rate, objection-coded call quality\par
\b Confidence\b0: 90/100\par
\par
Bottom funnel:\par
- Trial-to-paid by segment\par
- Meeting-to-opportunity and opportunity-to-close\par
\b Confidence\b0: 89/100\par
\par
Retention quality:\par
- Day-7 action completion\par
- Day-30 active usage indicators\par
\b Confidence\b0: 86/100\par
\par
\b 8) Objection and Trust Posture\b0\par
Every claim should include proof discipline:\par
- denominator\par
- timeframe\par
- confidence level\par
- no guarantee language\par
\par
Every high-intent conversation should use:\par
- explicit privacy/confidentiality boundary\par
- clear role boundary (platform vs coach vs firm)\par
- reversible pilot ask\par
\b Confidence\b0: 94/100\par
\par
\b 9) Decision Rules for Day-30 Trial Outcome\b0\par
\b Continue\b0 if:\par
- Qualified meeting quality is high\par
- Conversion trend is improving\par
- Handoff SLA is operationally stable\par
\par
\b Expand\b0 if:\par
- One lane shows repeatable economics\par
- Founder load remains manageable\par
\par
\b Stop or redesign\b0 if:\par
- Quality remains low despite 2 optimization cycles\par
- Response improves but opportunities do not\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 92/100\par
\par
\b 10) Immediate Next Actions (48 Hours)\b0\par
1. Finalize ICP wedge and disqualification matrix\par
2. Finalize message matrix A/B/C by segment\par
3. Freeze handoff template and 24-hour SLA ownership\par
4. Launch first controlled outbound batch\par
5. Publish weekly scorecard owner and review slot\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 95/100\par
\par
End of document.\par
}
