{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\fs24
\b Mauricio Strategy Addendum: Awareness and Category Authority\b0\par
Prepared for: Mauricio\par
Date: 2026-06-14\par
Related baseline: Starting Monday Sales and Marketing Strategy\par
\par
\b Purpose\b0\par
This strategy is adjacent to the core conversion strategy. Its job is to increase qualified awareness so Starting Monday is known before urgency peaks.\par
\par
\b Strategic Goal\b0\par
Increase recognition, trust, and qualified top-of-funnel demand among high-fit executive and partner audiences, while preserving brand rigor and conversion quality.\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 92/100\par
\par
\b 1) Core Thesis\b0\par
Starting Monday should be discovered as the executive transition operating system (not a job board, not generic AI, not a recruiter marketplace). Awareness should be built in trusted circles where high-value transition conversations happen before roles are posted.\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 94/100\par
\par
\b 2) Strategic Pillars (Avenues)\b0\par
\b Avenue A: Category-Led Visibility\b0\par
- Standardize one category phrase across every public and outbound surface.\par
- Publish recurring proof artifacts (benchmark, methodology note, trend memo).\par
- Tie every awareness touchpoint to one repeatable narrative spine.\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 91/100\par
\par
\b Avenue B: Founder Authority Engine\b0\par
- 3 high-value LinkedIn posts per week in a fixed format.\par
- 1 authority memo per week and structured repurposing workflow.\par
- Build a compounding archive of founder POV and proof.\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 90/100\par
\par
\b Avenue C: Borrowed Trust Distribution\b0\par
- Activate coach, search-adjacent, outplacement, and alumni nodes as distribution multipliers.\par
- Run co-branded assets and partner pages with shared context and proof.\par
- Prioritize high-context warm introductions over generic outbound volume.\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 88/100\par
\par
\b Avenue D: Discoverability and SEO Authority\b0\par
- Build intent-specific executive transition content clusters.\par
- Improve technical index quality (canonicals, parameter hygiene, crawl focus).\par
- Compound domain authority through citation-worthy assets and backlinks.\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 84/100\par
\par
\b Avenue E: Product-Led Awareness Loops\b0\par
- Build private-share proof artifacts users and advisors can forward.\par
- Trigger referral prompts at real value moments, not generic prompts.\par
- Create advisor-facing output mode for coaches and partner users.\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 86/100\par
\par
\b Avenue F: Media and Speaking Narrative\b0\par
- Build a monthly PR cadence with data-backed points of view.\par
- Prioritize podcast, webinar, and conference placements with exact audience fit.\par
- Reuse thought-leadership artifacts as speaking and media collateral.\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 80/100\par
\par
\b 3) 90-Day Outcome Targets\b0\par
1. Increase branded search demand and direct high-intent traffic.\par
2. Increase qualified inbound opportunities attributable to authority channels.\par
3. Build one repeatable partner-distribution loop with measurable sourced pipeline.\par
4. Improve assisted conversion from awareness channels to trial starts.\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 89/100\par
\par
\b 4) Non-Negotiable Rules\b0\par
1. No channel sprawl: no new channel until current primaries are green for 2 consecutive weeks.\par
2. No unqualified reach vanity: quality over impressions.\par
3. No unsupported claims: denominator, timeframe, confidence level for proof claims.\par
4. No mixed narrative drift: maintain strict category phrase consistency.\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 95/100\par
\par
\b 5) Governance and Decision Cadence\b0\par
Weekly review required:\par
- Awareness quality metrics\par
- Pipeline influence metrics\par
- Channel efficiency and cost\par
- Keep/Kill/Scale decisions\par
\par
Monthly review required:\par
- Category recall and narrative consistency audit\par
- Authority artifact performance\par
- Partner lane quality and expansion decision\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 92/100\par
\par
\b 6) Summary Recommendation\b0\par
Run this adjacency strategy as a disciplined awareness operating system, not a loose content program. Focus on trusted-circle distribution, category consistency, and measurable channel contribution to qualified pipeline.\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 93/100\par
\par
End of document.\par
}
