{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\fs24
\b Board-Level GTM Memo (Item 1)\b0\par
Prepared for: Mauricio\par
Date: 2026-06-14\par
\par
\b Purpose\b0\par
Provide a concise go-to-market direction for Starting Monday that leadership can execute immediately with measurable risk controls.\par
\par
\b Strategic Decision\b0\par
Prioritize a focused 90-day GTM model over broad channel expansion. Win one market wedge first, then scale with proof.\par
\par
\b Chosen Wedge\b0\par
1. Senior tech executives in active transition (primary revenue wedge)\par
2. Executive coaches with active transition clients (primary leverage wedge)\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 91/100\par
\par
\b Why This Wins\b0\par
- Fastest route to high-intent demand\par
- Strong value clarity vs alternatives\par
- Better unit economics than broad top-of-funnel spend\par
- Clear bridge to scalable B2B partner channels\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 89/100\par
\par
\b 90-Day GTM Priorities\b0\par
\b P1\b0: Trigger-based outbound engine with strict qualification and handoff SLA\par
\b P2\b0: Founder-led authority channel with proof-backed content cadence\par
\b P3\b0: Coach pilot program with scorecard-based pass/fail\par
\b P4\b0: Weekly funnel review and channel capital allocation discipline\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 90/100\par
\par
\b KPI Governance\b0\par
Weekly scoreboard required:\par
- Positive reply rate by segment/channel\par
- Meeting booked and show rate\par
- Meeting-to-opportunity conversion\par
- Trial-to-paid conversion\par
- Day-7 action completion and Day-30 active signal\par
\par
Rule: no new channels until two consecutive green weeks in primary channels.\par
\b Confidence\b0: 94/100\par
\par
\b Risk Register\b0\par
1. Risk: Broad positioning drift\par
Mitigation: enforce category language in all outbound and landing assets\par
Confidence: 93/100\par
\par
2. Risk: Vanity activity without qualified pipeline\par
Mitigation: mandatory disqualification coding and weekly kill/scale decisions\par
Confidence: 92/100\par
\par
3. Risk: Lead decay after positive response\par
Mitigation: 24-hour founder handoff SLA with backup owner\par
Confidence: 95/100\par
\par
4. Risk: Trust erosion from over-claiming\par
Mitigation: denominator + timeframe + confidence notation for claims\par
Confidence: 94/100\par
\par
\b Financial Lens\b0\par
GTM should be run as a portfolio of small, reversible bets.\par
Scale only motions with evidence of qualified conversion and reasonable payback.\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 88/100\par
\par
\b Board-Level Decision Ask\b0\par
Approve the focused 90-day plan and evaluate Mauricio trial outcome using objective gates:\par
- Continue\par
- Expand\par
- Stop/Redesign\par
\par
Decision timing: within two business days of day-30 review.\par
\par
\b Confidence\b0: 93/100\par
\par
End of memo.\par
}
